>> Brian Holt: That's going to
>> Brian Holt: Details here.
Well, first thing I wanted to call out
here is notice the details has no concept
that it's being lazily loaded, right?
I just wrote a normal details component.
I didn't modify anything inside
of this to make it lazily loaded.
It's blissfully unaware
of how it is loaded.
So that's pretty cool as well, I didn't
have to modify anything in details.
But let's just assume for a second that
here I say import_from 'lodash' and
let's import moment as well from moment.
So these are two pretty big libraries,
right?
And here, just so
that we can say we used them,
we'll say console.log(_ moment).
>> Brian Holt: It is called moment, right?
>> Speaker 2: moment.js.
>> Brian Holt: moment.js?
>> Brian Holt: Let's check.
I just choose those two cuz I
know that they're relatively big.
>> Brian Holt: No, it's this one.
>> Brian Holt: So it's gonna go and
install those really quickly.
>> Brian Holt: But notice that lodash and
moment are not a part of the other bundle,
right?
They're not a part of SearchParams or
anything like that,
they're unique to details.
So parcel is smart enough to say, hey,
I know that this is never gonna
be loaded in the other bundle, so
I can just include it in this bundle,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: So now if I refresh the
page, notice that this bundle got huge,
right now it's 747 kilobytes.
And you can see that there were loading
out these two things are logging
out rather.
>> Brian Holt: So one don't load all of
moment and don't load all the lodash,
I think that might be my point.
But besides that point, you wanna
find like heavy points to split your
application and if you're not
shaving off a significant amount,
it's a worse user experience
having to wait, right?
So it's a tool that you should use, but
you should be careful where you use it.
>> Brian Holt: So we can go back
over to App here as well, and
we can do the exact same thing
with SearchParams as well.
>> Brian Holt: Now notice
I didn't change Suspense,
we're using the same Suspense thing here,
right?
But if I refresh the page,
now notice that if you go to Network,
SearchParams is its own bundle as well,
right?
So SearchParams, and then I go to
the other one, and it'll load this one.
But hey, you know what's cool?
If I go back, now, to the other one,
notice it doesn't load it again, right?
It already has it so
it is able to just instantly execute that.
So, you'll only take that
performance hit once.
>> Brian Holt: And
you can do this anywhere,
it doesn't have to just be on a route,
we could go into details, right?
And notice we're loading model up here,
but
we don't actually need Modal up front
right we only need Modal to click on it.
So we could get rid of this and
say const Modal=lazy import./Modal.
>> Brian Holt: Right, because the Modal
is not initially used, right?
The Modal is only used if
showModal happens, right?
So now if I save this and go back over
here, and I go to one of the animal pages
>> Brian Holt: Not sure what I did there.
Yeah, you need to import
lazy as well from React,
cuz that's needs to be a real function.
So I'm told,
>> Brian Holt: And
then from there now this works.
Now if you go into network, notice we've
loaded app we've loaded details but
if I click Adopt here,
we get Modal there as well.
Which is pretty cool as well.
It makes code splitting on
these places really simple, but
this is even worse this is
only 10 kilobytes, right?
Because it's not that much JavaScript.
But just to show you like
you can split on libraries,
you can split on a bunch of stuff as well,
it doesn't just have to be on routes.
>> Brian Holt: And the other thing that's
cool as well, that's worth calling out.
Notice I didn't put a new Suspense
component anywhere either,
it's still using this
top level one up here.
So you can have different Suspense
components in different places, or you can
one top level one as well, that's up to
you and how you wanna design your app.